DevLog Matti cone

5/9- 

Collected information about new revisions to make to our first phase build. 
New features assigned to myself were to implement a login and profile save feature 
to our webapp. 

Initial plan- Use cookies to store access rights and auth. Keep simple by
not encrypting passwords for initial build, and have relaxed controls for our beta build release
Allow users to log in and check status of ride along with being able to request ride.

Dispatch login page will allow authorized users to view all requested rides in the database.
From this page the administrators of the program should be able to confirm a ride, edit the 
details, and remove the ride once completed.


5/11-

Found an online tourtorial that walks through setiing up an encripted user login system for
a node server and mongo database... score!!

walked through tourtotial and built completely new front end, backend, and middleware to handle 
communication between the two along with password authitication. Calling new plan Version2.0 and 
waiting to communicate with the team if we want to completely revise the project.

5/15-

Migrated the preexisting desigend webapp to version 2.0. Linked existing database into project

Built additional Dispact profile and added additional verification step to handle dispatch logins.


5/16-

Website shown to class and aditional comments added to design. Recommended that users be allowed
to skip the sign-up process and request a ride from the home page.


5/18-

Changed structure of the webapp to allow a "quickride" to be added from the index (login) page
this will allow users to request a ride without signing in. Without first creating a profile the users
would not be able to check status of there ride.

Started working on edit and remove features of the dispatch page. BLOCKER- dynamically creating a button 
that creates a dynamic function.

5/21-
Resolved issues with the dispatch buttons but due to time constraints and reaching the point of feature
freeze I am desciding to not implement the edit feature to the dispatch page. Dispatch page can now dynamicaly
display all rides listed in the data base.

5/23- 
Groomed code and webpage to make things look nice and presentable. 

5/25-
Finishing touches

5/26- 
Final push 


